Interest Flood Packet:

Description byte: 1 byte field indicating the type of packet. Value: 01000000 ( in hexadecimal).
Interest ID: 16 bytes field containing the identifier for the interest.
Unique Senders Number: 4-byte field indicating the number of unique senders.
Relaying Node: 4-byte field indicating the ID of the relaying node.
Hops Count: 1-byte field indicating the number of hops the packet has traversed.
Hops Limit: 1-byte field indicating the maximum number of hops allowed for the packet.

Data Packet:

Description byte: 1 byte field indicating the type of packet. Value: 10000000 (in hexadecimal).
Interest ID: 16 bytes field containing the identifier for the interest.
Data Size: 2-byte field indicating the size of the data payload.
Data: Variable-sized field containing the actual data payload.

SelfInformationPacket 

Description byte: 1 byte field indicating the type of packet. Value: 11000000 ( in hexadecimal).
Node name: 4 byte field containing node id.


packets descripion:

	Header: (Not encrypted)
		MeshId 4 Octets
		SourceAdress 4 Octets
		DestinationName 4 Octets
		TotalLength 2 Octets
		PacketDescr 1 Octet field indicating the type of packet. Value: 01000000 ( in hexadecimal).
		PacketId 1 Octet
		
	Middle of packet dependent on packet descr: (Encrypted) 
		
		Interest Flood Packet:
			Interest ID: 16 Octets field containing the identifier for the interest.
			Unique Senders Number: 4-Octets field generated by sender to differentiate senders of interest.
			Hops Count: 1-Octets field indicating the number of hops the packet has traversed.
			Hops Limit: 1-Octets field indicating the maximum number of hops allowed for the packet.
			
		Data Packet:
			Interest ID: 16 Octets field containing the identifier for the interest.
			Data Size: 2-Octets field indicating the size of the data payload.
			Data: Variable-sized field containing the actual data payload.
			
		
		Self Information Packet:
			- - -
			
		Acknowledge packet 
			Acknowledged Packet Id: 1 Octet field  
			
					
	Padding Bytes so packet hash begins in multiple of 16 octets of packet (encrypted)
	
	Packet Hash: (Encrypted)
		Last 32 Octets of any mesh packet  
		
		
		
		
		